chore(docs): Improve Documentation (#201)
yezz123/authx: docs/configuration/database/mongodb.md

# MongoDB

## Initialize and setup

As we know that the database provider is the most important part of the configuration, we will start with the initial and setup class.

using [MongoDB/Motor](https://motor.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) as an Asynchronous Driver.

> First take care that you installed the driver, and you have the driver installed in your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, make sure that you installed the driver, and you have the driver installed in your environment.
```
